= ruote-kit-client

ruote-kit-client is a client library for interacting with 
ruote-kit[http://github.com/kennethkalmer/ruote-kit], which in itself is a
RESTful wrapper around the ruote[http://ruote.rubyforge.org] workflow engine.

Built on top of rufus-jig[http://github.com/jmettraux/rufus-jig] this library
utilizes net/http, em-http-request or patron for HTTP communications, and
yajl-ruby, JSON or ActiveSupport for JSON parsing.

== Getting started

Make sure you have ruote-kit running somewhere from where this library can
access it.

  require 'ruote-kit/client'
  
  client = RuoteKit::Client( 'http://localhost:8080' )

Now you can interact with ruote-kit

  # get a list of running processes
  client.processes

  # get a list of workitems
  client.workitems

  # filter workitems
  client.workitems(:participant => 'jack')

Plenty more is possible, please review the documentation for more information.

== Requirements

ruote-kit-client requires only the rufus-jig gem, available from gemcutter.

For best performance it is recommended you install Patron and require it
before loading ruote-kit-client.

For development you'll need rpsec and mocha installed.

== Installing

Until a gem is released, feel free to clone the project from github and build
the gem yourself:

  $ git clone git://github.com/kennethkalmer/ruote-kit-client.git
  $ gem build ruote-kit-client.gemspec

== Feedback

Join us on Freenode in the #ruote channel or on the ruote Google Group at
http://groups.google.com/group/openwferu-users

== License

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Kenneth Kalmer (Internet Exchange CC, Clear Planet Information Solutions Pty Ltd)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

